=head1 NAME

B<Porcelain> - a gemini browser

=head1 SYNOPSIS

porcelain [-hmv]

porcelain [-d] [--nopledge] [--nounveil] [url|-f file]

Options:
  -h/--help	brief help message
  -m/--man	full documentation
  -v/--version	version information
  -d/--dump	dump rendered page to standard output
  --nopledge	disable pledge system call restrictions
  --nounveil	disable unveil file hierarchy restrictions
  -f/--file	open file (use '-' for standard input)

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<Porcelain> is a text-based browser for gemini pages. It uses
OpenBSD's pledge and unveil technologies. The goal of B<Porcelain> is to
be a "spec-preserving" gemini browser, meaning no support for
non-spec extension attempts (like favicons, metadata). Automatic opening
or inline display of non-gemini/text content is opt-in.

If you open a URL (either passed from CLI or opened in B<Porcelain>),
B<Porcelain> will determine the protocol for the connection and try to
obtain the resource. The 'gemini' protocols are supported
by default. You can specify applications to open other protocols like
'https' in ~/.porcelain/open.conf.

If the protocol is supported, B<Porcelain> will try to determine the
MIME type of the resource. MIME type text/gemini is supported natively.
Other MIME types like 'image/png' can be opened with external programs
specified in ~/.porcelain/open.conf.

If the MIME type is not known or cannot be determined, B<Porcelain> will
try to find the extension (like '.gmi') in ~/.porcelain/open.conf.

If the --file/-f option is used, B<Porcelain> will unveil the directory
containing the file (including all subdirectories).

=head2 KEYS

=over

=item H

Display browsing history.

=item o

Open a new link (prompts for link)

=item i

Show short info.

=item I

Show detailed info.

=item q

Quit the application.

=item Backspace/Ctrl-H

Go back in browsing history.

=item Ctrl-L

Go forward in browsing history.

=item n

Next matching text.

=item u

Go up in the domain hierarchy.

=item r

Go to root of the domain. 

=item R

Reload/refresh page.

=item Space/PageDown

Scroll down page-wise.

=item b/PageUp

Scroll up page-wise.

=item j/Down

Scroll down line-wise.

=item k/Up

Scroll up line-wise.

=item K/Home

Go to the beginning of the page.

=item J/End

Go to the end of the page.

=item v

Verification for server identity. Prompts for manual comparison, SHA-256 hash, or a third-party resource.

=item 1,2,3,...

Open link with that number.

=item /

Search page for text.

=item :

Command entry.

=back

=head1 EXIT STATUS

=head1 CONFIGURATION

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

=head1 FILES

~/.porcelain/known_hosts

~/.porcelain/open.conf

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS

=head1 AUTHOR

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

=head1 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY

=cut
